README.md, before:

# discord-notifier-cf-worker

A [Cloudflare Worker](https://workers.cloudflare.com/) that sends
[Discord](https://discord.com) notifications for [DAO DAO](https://daodao.zone/)
DAOs.

Used template for [Cosmos wallet
authentication](https://github.com/NoahSaso/cloudflare-worker-cosmos-auth) to
authenticate requests via a [Cosmos](https://cosmos.network) wallet signature.

## Development

### Run locally

```sh
npm run dev
# OR
wrangler dev --local --persist
```

### Configuration

1. Copy `wrangler.toml.example` to `wrangler.toml`.

2. Create KV namespaces for production and development:

```sh
npx wrangler kv:namespace create NONCES
npx wrangler kv:namespace create NONCES --preview

npx wrangler kv:namespace create WEBHOOKS
npx wrangler kv:namespace create WEBHOOKS --preview
```

3. Update the binding IDs in `wrangler.toml`:

```toml
kv-namespaces = [
  { binding = "NONCES", id = "<INSERT NONCES_ID>", preview_id = "<INSERT NONCES_PREVIEW_ID>" },
  { binding = "WEBHOOKS", id = "<INSERT WEBHOOKS_ID>", preview_id = "<INSERT WEBHOOKS_PREVIEW_ID>" },
]
```

4. Configure variables in `wrangler.toml`:

```toml
[vars]
DISCORD_CLIENT_ID = "<VALUE>"
```

5. Configure secrets:

```sh
echo <VALUE> | npx wrangler secret put DISCORD_CLIENT_SECRET
echo <VALUE> | npx wrangler secret put DISCORD_BOT_TOKEN
echo <VALUE> | npx wrangler secret put NOTIFY_API_KEY
```

## Deploy

```sh
wrangler publish
# OR
npm run deploy
```

## Architecture

The `WEBHOOKS` KV store maps `chainId:daoAddress:walletPublicKey:webhookId` to a
webhook object.

Commit message:

implement v2 architecture to support user-created bots

README.md, after:

# discord-notifier-cf-worker

A [Cloudflare Worker](https://workers.cloudflare.com/) that sends
[Discord](https://discord.com) notifications for [DAO DAO](https://daodao.zone/)
DAOs.

Used template for [Cosmos wallet
authentication](https://github.com/NoahSaso/cloudflare-worker-cosmos-auth) to
authenticate requests via a [Cosmos](https://cosmos.network) wallet signature.

## Development

### Run locally

```sh
npm run dev
# OR
wrangler dev --local --persist
```

### Configuration

1. Copy `wrangler.toml.example` to `wrangler.toml`.

2. Create KV namespaces for production and development:

```sh
npx wrangler kv:namespace create NONCES
npx wrangler kv:namespace create NONCES --preview

npx wrangler kv:namespace create WEBHOOKS
npx wrangler kv:namespace create WEBHOOKS --preview
```

3. Update the binding IDs in `wrangler.toml`:

```toml
kv-namespaces = [
  { binding = "NONCES", id = "<INSERT NONCES_ID>", preview_id = "<INSERT NONCES_PREVIEW_ID>" },
  { binding = "WEBHOOKS", id = "<INSERT WEBHOOKS_ID>", preview_id = "<INSERT WEBHOOKS_PREVIEW_ID>" },
]
```

4. Configure variables in `wrangler.toml`:

```toml
[vars]
DISCORD_CLIENT_ID = "<VALUE>"
```

5. Configure secrets:

```sh
echo <VALUE> | npx wrangler secret put NOTIFY_API_KEY
```

## Deploy

```sh
wrangler publish
# OR
npm run deploy
```

## Architecture

The `WEBHOOKS` KV store maps `chainId:daoAddress:walletPublicKey:webhookId` to a
webhook object.

### V1 -> V2

In the codebase, there exist both V1 and V2 webhooks.

V1 was the original architecture, which depended on a single Discord bot run by
that gets added to every registered server. This bot has one client ID, client
secret, and bot token, stored in the Cloudflare worker environment secrets,
controlled by the DAO DAO team.

Discord sets a 100 server limit on bots before they must undergo a verification
process. In order to maximize the number of servers that can be supported, and
avoid having a centralized team in control of the bot, V2 was designed to
support user-created Discord bots.

With V2, users must register using their own Discord bots, submitting a client
ID, client secret, and bot token when registering a webhook.

V1 is still supported for backwards compatibility, but all new webhooks must
follow the V2 design.
